When you're out shopping for 7 megawatt
offshore wind turbines, you think
Samsung, right? Well, probably not. The
brand is much more famous for its phones
and flat screens. But arguably the most
important drivers of South Korea's
biggest family business are these
things. And for the first time in
decades, the company's got a massive
problem here.
>> Samsung is under assault from all sides.
And they are getting stretched thin.
Samsung is in this position of playing
catch-up and that's difficult to do if
you don't have growing revenue, if you
don't have expanding profitability.
>> And unfortunately,
>> the chip profits tumble. Big
disappointment. The semiconductor
division reporting operating profit of
400 billion one totally missed analyst
projections for 2.73 trillion. Samsung
shares have whipsed in value since their
2020 peak and tanked in 2024.
while long-standing rival SK Heinix
surged.
The crisis is easy to miss amid all
this.
>> The Ultra experience is ready to unfold.
>> But behind the cats and choreography,
Samsung's hidden struggle threatens its
national identity amongst a population
that relies on it like no other.
It is probably the most influential
company in Korea because of the
importance to the economy.
>> And maintaining that influence may hinge
on a piece of technology you probably
own but have never even seen.
[Music]
The Samsung Group comprises vastly more
than just its flagship electronics
empire. You can literally be born in the
Samsung hospital, go to a Samsung
school, live in a Samsung apartment, you
work at Samsung, you come home, you put
your food, which is made by Samsung in
the Samsung microwave and turn on your
Samsung TV. It's a company with 400,000
employees all over the world. They make
chips. They're in ship building. They
make apartment complexes.
>> Samsung is the biggest company in the
country. It is the biggest weighted in
the Cosby index which is the local stock
market and as well as the biggest
contributor to the economy by any study
that you can see.
>> Samsung in any given year makes up about
1/5th of the country's exports. Imagine
there's one company that's selling 1/5if
of all the goods produced in that
country. I mean that kind of comparison
doesn't exist anywhere.
>> You get the idea. A career without
Samsung is a Blackpink show without the
superstars or their iconic light sticks.
>> Samsung is so tied to the health and
well-being of the South Korean economy
that you just can't imagine a South
Korea without it.
>> So why is such a scenario even being
hinted at? Well, for years now,
electronics have driven Samsung and not
just these things. Its major product is
computer memory, so-called DRM or
dynamic random access memory. Those
chips go into everything from
smartphones to the world's largest
supercomputers.
Samsung Electronics's semiconductor
business has typically accounted for
between 50 and 70% of the company's
profit every year and is central to its
evolving crisis. So, it's worth
understanding how these chips work.
>> Think about DM as a coffee cup. Imagine
you want to drink as much coffee as you
possibly can from the coffee pot, but
you can't pour that coffee pot into your
mouth. So, you have to do it via a cup,
right? Depending on the size of the cup,
that will determine how much coffee you
can drink in one go. Think of Dram as
that coffee cup. What Samsung's chips do
is they hold that information ready for
when the processor wants it.
>> But what that information is and the
kind of processors using it has evolved
radically. AI has changed everything.
Samsung, which dominated the memory
market for decades, is now struggling to
keep up with the latest technology.
>> So, what went wrong?
>> SKH.
[Music]
>> In 2013, SKHix and AMD teamed up to
develop high bandwidth memory. It was
the first product that was in the
market, but at the time it wasn't clear
what it was going to be needed for. It
was mainly for the gaming industry that
they were kind of developing. It was a
niche product,
>> but that's often how things go in the
semiconductor world. Build the stuff and
let the industry figure out how best to
use it.
>> The chip industry, it operates on these
3 to 5 year cycles. You have to make
massive billions or more dollars
investments 5 years ahead of time.
sometimes and you know within those 5
years a lot can happen
>> and over the last five a lot did.
>> The release of chat JPT has really
changed everything. All of a sudden
there was a surge of demand for HBM
chips which is really ideal for um AI
applications. Remember this AI needs
vastly more coffee or data and it needs
to swallow or process it faster than
ever. HBM high bandwidth memory made
that possible and is now a fundamental
component of the accelerators used to
train large language models. At the
time, Samsung hadn't invested enough in
this kind of chip, which is a type of
DRAM, but significantly more profitable
than its mass market counterpart. But a
smaller local competitor that had
teetered on bankruptcy as recently as
2002 had
>> SKH has come arguably out of nowhere to
become a major rival to have
unprecedented success against them. SK
landed the contract uh with Nvidia,
which is the largest maker of AI chips,
these logic chips in the entire world.
You'll have seen the headlines about
what that's meant for Nvidia's
investors.
But the knock on effect for its most
important suppliers has been great too,
particularly for SKH Highix.
>> It's reported record quarterly profit
that beat expectations driven by its
dominance in high bandwidth memory. SKH
Highix's profit has continued to soar to
record highs in the last year on the
back of the AI boom, inspiring investors
to pile into its stock and elevate that
to historic levels as well. SKH Highix
is providing about 20% of Nvidia's cost
of goods sold. It's the second largest
supplier of semiconductors to Nvidia
behind TSMC. Samsung is about 1% of
Nvidia's cost of goods sold according to
our analysis.
>> Samsung is trying to really catch up,
but it's very difficult. This year,
Samsung was overtaken by SKH Highix in
the DRAM market, ending its three decade
lead. US manufacturer Micron isn't far
behind either.
>> And so, this is devastating for the
company.
>> The company's uh vice chairman has
issued an apology, a rare apology. It
was a long one. It
>> was quite an extraordinary meal from the
head of the chips division.
>> The way it works in South Korea is that
the company is an arm of the nation.
It's a private company on paper, but
they're expected to represent the
interests of the South Korean people.
>> And that's been the case for quite some
time.
>> Samsung got its start in 1938.
>> This was at a time when South Korea as a
nation was extremely poor. It was
actually one of the poorest countries in
the world.
>> They started as a sort of a very small
trading company for dry fish, rice, that
type of business. And gradually on and
on they expanded into these more complex
industries until they finally got later
into ship building into oil rigs into
the aforementioned offshore wind
turbines and of course into electronics
which are now at the heart of its
problem. So what does Samsung need to
do? Well, first it may have to win over
the undisputed world leader in AI
hardware. Samsung chips have been left
out in the cold because they haven't
passed the tests required by Nvidia to
become a contractor.
>> All they've said publicly is, "We want
Samsung to be better. We hope they'll
get there. We're sure they'll get
there." But clearly, they're not buying
from Samsung right now, according to the
numbers.
>> Samsung is now mounting an allout push
into next generation HBM 4, aiming to
close the gap with SKH Highix.
On recent earnings calls, Samsung
executives have acknowledged as much,
but they also say its next generation
custom chips have been drawing great
interest from the industry. But it'll
take some time for the money to show up
from sales of those.
Samsung doesn't just design and
manufacture its own chips like those
Nvidia needs. It also has a foundry
business that only manufactures chips
other companies design. And this is
under intense pressure too, particularly
from Taiwan's TSMC, which controls about
2/3 of the global foundry market.
>> The most recent quarter, Samsung has
about 8% market share, and they're
struggling to gain large customers.
>> There may be some light at the end of a
tunnel, though. In July, Samsung said it
had reached a $16.5 billion pact with
Tesla to produce its next but one
generation of AI semiconductor. Some say
that it's not really significant when
you really break it down to annual
numbers, but it is a big deal when it
comes to its uh foundry business that a
lot of the investors have thought was
actually dormant. That foundry battle is
one the South Korean company will have
to keep fighting alongside the one with
SKH Heinix in the memory space.
>> On the logic front, TSMC is just going
over the horizon on everybody and is
increasingly dominating that very
profitable market. I think there is a
bit of a lesson that we can learn from
all these giants uh that you know you're
successful today doesn't mean that you
will successful tomorrow.
>> Just look at Intel. Intel in 2021 was
the world's largest chip maker. Now it's
well down the ranks. Samsung is not in
the Intel camp yet, but it could be. And
that's the concern that Samsung
investors have, that Samsung insiders
have.
[Music]